everybody I'm then from the same ABC and
in this video tutorial I want to show
you how to make print screen with the
new Microsoft Lumia 640 fine
to make a print screen it is very easy
just push together the volume up button
and power button ok let's see ok this is
the first print screen and if you go to
the photos okay
you see here the photo ok
and now there is no photo let's make a
few more okay now is the application
menu ok ok and let's open again we have
here subway surfers and let's make a few
more trains
let's go to the photos and here is my
photos okay if you want to make print
screen with some application okay go to
the news application okay
and just push the volume up and power
button okay and let's see oh yes oh okay
and now delete delete all the photos
okay okay
oh I hope you enjoyed this little
tutorial and I hope this is useful for
you and please subscribe if you want to
see more interesting tutorials